# Tools used to probe the foundations.

- Principal components
  - Vault
  - BOSH/CredHub at the jumpbox
  - CloudFoundry
    - CredHub
    - Orgs
    - Spaces
    - Apps
    - Services

- Principal functions
  - Verify Vault for consistency
  - Verify major CredHub for consistency
  - Verify CloudFoundry  CredHub 

- Secondary functions
  - Dump tables
  - Dump Graphviz 

# Some title



This project is used to move the databases from one foundation to another.  

** The plan
1.  Write code which generates the commands to move the data bases.  The list of databases must be provided.
1.  Write code which generates list of potential databases given a list of TBD.
1.  Write code which generates the commands which set and stores the service IDs.
1.  Write code which generates the commands which set and stores the SSO credentials.
1.  Write code which executes the commands which were generated by the previous stages.

** Manifest

- `utils.py`---general utilities
- `cf_utils.py`---utilities to make `cf curl` calls.

** To-Do

** STATUS

- 13 Aug 2020
  - Started to transcribe code.
  - Started to review Python reference manual.

- 14 Aug 2020
  - Finished the outline of `utils.py`.

- 24 Aug 2020
  - Got CF running under `libvirt`.
  - Pushed an application onto the foundation.
  - Building a script to push multiple  apps...done, but needs a lot of work.
  - The general plan:
    1.  Review the `libvirt` work and update the documentation.
    1.  Clean up the script which pushes apps.
    1.  Reconcile `omg/lol` on KRlan with what happens with `libvirt`.
    1.  Adjust scripts accordingly.
    1.  Rework the `omg/lol` scripts to Python/API.  Use M. Shannon's layout.
    
